README.md, before:

# BuzzerForwarder
## Introduction
Many apartments have deprecated lobby door authorization designed to route to a single home phone. in modern times the home phone is extinct replaced with the personal mobile phone. This software operates as a “man-in the-middle” to simultaneous ring the tenant’s phones, connect the first to pickup, allow them to converse and enter the code to authorize guests. This solution was designed to be secure, require little maintenance and cost less to operate than similar service available. The final milestone will be to make setup user friendly as the current initialization has many steps and requires many steps.

## Technologies Chosen
Zappa: A Python library designed for hosting a RESTful Flask server on lambda functions. It quickly spins up the server on request and provides tools for easy deployment to the function. Chosen to reduce cost of hosting a webserver that would not get much traffic
AWS Lambda: Lightweight hosting option that runs only when queried. Chosen for its pay as used cost 
Python Flask: Mostly chosen to familiar with the language and variety of libraries that would help overcoming making these technologies work together
Twilio: Needed a phone number with programable API. Selected due to customizability and lack of other options.

## Issues
- Does not use Twilio's authorization token, spoke with a support to try and resolve the issue to no avail. will continue to implement it in the dev branch
- Error message over phone when unauthorized. view issues tab for details
- setup is long

## Setup Tutorial
If there is interest I will make a setup tutorial, if there is a lot of interest I simplify the setup process

Commit message:

Dev (#3)
* made dev branch with proper validator

* Updated README.md

* Updated README.md again

* removed zappa_setting.json

* Fixed 403 unauthorized twilio error

* Added and implemented secretManagerControl class

* Added and implemented secretManagerControl class

* version 2 is done. mute and error handling added

* added newlines to README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Connor Lynch <Clynch6504@conestogac.on.ca>

README.md, after:

# BuzzerForwarder
## Introduction
Many apartments have deprecated lobby door authorization designed to route to a single home phone. in modern times the home phone is extinct replaced with the personal mobile phone. This software operates as a “man-in the-middle” to simultaneous ring the tenant’s phones, connect the first to pickup, allow them to converse and enter the code to authorize guests. This solution was designed to be secure, require little maintenance and cost less to operate than similar service available. The final milestone will be to make setup user friendly as the current initialization has many steps and requires many accounts and services.

## Version 2
After many months of seamless door answering, some bugs and a new inconvience emerged. With some slight reworking and the new mute feature added into version 2 of the Buzzer Forwarder, both problems have been gracefully answered. When either tenant is away from home or simply doesnt want to be disturbed, a quick text with a date or time now mutes the buzzer for that user. It accepts many date and time formats and the mute can be cut short by quickly typing unmute. Setting a timer was chosen over a simple toggle mute or unmute to avoid the inevitable problem of muting and forgetting. This approach has the benfit of setting and forgetting with the ease of toggling back on in an instant.

### Formats excepted
unmute - removes the current mute <br />
8:33 AM - will be mute until the next occurence of that time <br />
9/7 - will be mute until that date of the current time <br />
Saturday - will be mute until that weekday of the current time <br />
8:00 AM 9/7 - will be mute until that time and date. cannot specify year <br />

## Technologies Chosen
Zappa: A Python library designed for hosting a RESTful Flask server on lambda functions. It quickly spins up the server on request and provides tools for easy deployment to the function. Chosen to reduce cost of hosting a webserver that would not get much traffic
AWS Lambda: Lightweight hosting option that runs only when queried. Chosen for its pay as used cost 
Python Flask: Mostly chosen to familiar with the language and variety of libraries that would help overcoming making these technologies work together
Twilio: Needed a phone number with programable API. Selected due to customizability and lack of other options.

## Issues
- Does not use Twilio's authorization token, spoke with a support to try and resolve the issue to no avail. will continue to implement it in the dev branch
- Error message over phone when unauthorized. view issues tab for details
- setup is long

## Setup Tutorial
If there is interest I will make a setup tutorial, if there is a lot of interest I simplify the setup process
